Episode 3
"Please, teach me how to write a love contract!"
Who's Sam Soon?
That would be me?
Formally introduce her to me
by the end of this week.
Aren't you tired of meetings?
I don't think you're in the position
to be thinking of other's lives right now!
Are you currently seeing anyone?
If there was someone that I was seeing right now, do you think I'd be using my precious days off going to arranged dates?
Should we ..... try dating?
At Christmas time, she
turned my insides out.
My goodness. This is the first time since high school
to change her name that she's spent the night out.
Who is the guy?!
The guy that she met with yesterday got home early...
Is this girl feigning about not having a
boyfriend and hiding a guy somewhere?
Well whoever the guy is, by fall she'll be getting married.
Wait...
she can't have a full belly before she gets marries.
Eh, who cares.
We'll just do it in court.
Get in.
What's with the taxi?
Where are you going?
Can't you see I'm going to work?
I can't ride the bus, let's just take a taxi.
What do you mean you can't ride the bus?
Are your feet golden?
Let's just take a taxi.
No, I told you I don't want to!
I don't even know when I'll get fired.
I need to save all the money I have.
I'll pay
I don't like because it's degrading and dirty.
You're probably going to talk about dating after paying for the taxi, aren't you?
Chi... the bus is here.
I said I don't want to. Why do you keep asking me?
And like I asked, why don't you want to?
Do you think it makes sense to act as
if we're "going out" in front of your mother?
I can't take part in such a swindle.
Isn't calling Kim Sam Soon, Kim Hee Jin a fraud too?
Well then you try living as Sam Shik for 30 years.
This has to do with a person's personal right and life quality.
It's different from a fake relationship.
That goes for me too.  The quality of my life is on the line.
Well then, isn't it only right to try and persuade your mother?
I hate meetings so much that I'm
on the verge of proposing a fake relationship.
I tried it earlier.
Ha! You can't even persuade your own mother, and you're trying to run a business?
Get up.
We're still a long ways away.
I'm asking you to share your seat.
What did you just say?
From now on, while we're dating,
I decline riding buses or subways.
What a jerk.
You'll be a formal employee starting this month.
What did you just say?
Formal employee.
Let me ask you one question. Why me out of all people?
Why did you pick me out of all people to take part in
this fraudulent relationship?
Because we'll never really liked each other
Huh?
We both think the other is a jerk.
Look, me thinking that you're
a jerk is true.
An alcoholic, bully and a urinator isn't really my type, you know?
Are you going to keep taunting me about something that hasn't even been proven?
Anyway, you seem to know
how to handle your position well.
Knowing how to manage the situations you're
in, what kind of man you should be with?
Knowing this, I know that later on you wouldn't go after a man like me, right?
Wait, so you're saying that I'll like you later on?!
Wow, you're definitely a MIJI King.
What the heck is a MIJI King?
If you're so curious, look it up on the Internet.
I'll reward you. How much will do?
You shouldn't live like that, President.
Oh, and since you seem to resolve
all your problems with money,
if you give me your whole restaurant, then I'll consider it.
Why do you keep saying no?
Instead of just saying you don't want to, give me a reason...
a reason that I can comprehend.
I told you yesterday.
I'm not lucky as you so
I can't cruise around the Pacific.
That means I want to meet someone when I'm 31-33 to cross the Pacific with.
Which means I don't have time to date someone who doesn't know what a small boat is.
Do you understand now?
I'm going to work now.  You can come in 5 minutes later to avoid any misunderstanding.
That's how you do it like this.
Forget strict etiquette and preconceived notions.
The important thing is to feel and enjoy the wine.
Since today's the first lesson,
let's share our thoughts on wine....
Miss Hee Jin, you're late.
Yes.
I told you not to be late because it'll be
our first wine lesson.
I'm sorry.
What is this in front of the whole restaurant family?
If you're the oldest, you should be more
careful and not embarrass yourself.
Don't scold her too much.
She's late because she spent the night with me.
Why is that man
saying unnecessary things to make me a common enemy.
He's most definitely a stopping block in my life.
"Kyung Hee Kyung Dry Cleaners"
Hello? Is this Kyung Hee Kyung Dry Cleaners?
I wanted to ask a question...Yes...
You delivered some clothes to Kyung Hee
Gong apartment 402 this morning, right?
Yes, yes, a man's suit and a lady's 2-piece?
What was on the lady's 2-piece?
I mean not vomit...
It's a little weird saying this but...
like urine or something like that?
It seems like he's just lying but since
I can't seem to find proof, I can't just confront him.
I really did something like that?!
No way! No way...that kind of Sam Soonish act?
You still talk to yourself?
Long time no see, Sam Soon.
Second Unnie?!
Tell me the truth. It doesn't seem like you're here to visit.
Did you fight with your husband?
Sam Soon, you seem even more bloated!
Hey, did you live on soju and chicken feet all winter
using your breakup as an excuse?
The pain's finally healing. I wish for no more prodding at it.
You can't do that.
A girl's got to be pretty and skinny
Look at me. That's the reason why there's
no end to guys even after I got married.
Unnie! Are you cheating..?
Look it up in the 2005 dictionary.
Cheating is defined by a male formerly
known as your brother-in-law.
He cheated on you?!
You can't read between the lines?
Hey, I am divorced.
Divorced...you got a divorce?!
I have no doubt that you, Sam Soon,
will welcome my return to single life with open arms.
Why would I welcome you?
It only means one more competitor.
Did your liver bloat along with your body?
Hey, no matter what, you can't be my opponent.
It's because of divorcees like you that old maids
like me keep increasing, you know?!
Oh yeah!
By any chance, is there like  "peeing when you're drunk"
kind of genetics in our family?
Should we go in later?
Don't you want to go to a sauna?  How about a sauna?
Isn't it weirder for you to creep in while mom's sleeping?
True.
Man, I'm so tired.
If I get caught now I'll probably be interrogated for several hours
You said you came yesterday. You didn't get sleep?
Can you sleep in a sauna?
If you don't even have the guts to win
against mom, why did you get a divorce?
Divorce?!
What are you talking about?
You came back divorced?!
I...I...No, I missed you so much,
and I wanted to go to a sauna really badly and eat your kimchijjigae.
Brother-in-law cheated on her, so she got her part of the settlements and stamped the divorce papers.
WHAT?!
That's not it!  That's not it!
Bad girl...
Hey! Kim Kyung Hee, Moon Jung Nim!
Hey Yoo Hee Jin.
Hee Jin, what are you doing here?
Have you been well?
What about Min Jung?
I heard she goes to a dermatologist to get
her whole face peeled. Did she really go?
Don't even talk about it.
She went every month and her face became so sensitive
that even one drop of alcohol makes her break out. I'm not kidding.
She'll be here later.
Did you re-register for school?
Yeah, I came after submitting it.
I'm so envious. I'm still a student. When I
come for practice, you guys better be nice!
Why did you go to the U.S.?
It wasn't even for school.
Just ...
Let's say I was traveling.
Traveling for 3 years?
And you left with graduation only a year away.
What can't you do with money?
I hear your parents' business is doing well?
Right. So I used my rich dad to have some fun before coming back.
Anyway, you're awful. Three years and no call?
If you had been 3 weeks later, I was
going to end it forever with you.
Why 3 weeks?
Jung Nim is getting married in 3 weeks.
Really?! With whom?
With me.
Welcome!  Welcome!
Welcome. How many?
I came about the engagement party.
The President told you, right?
Ah yes, your name is Jang Chae Ri?
Yes, that's right.
If you'll come this way...
Huh? Hey, aren't you Chae Ri?
Sam Soon unnie?
Sam Soon unnie, you work here?
Something smells fishy.
Sam Soon unnie, what's wrong?
Let go, let go! Really, why are you doing this?
Hey, long time, no see.
This is the first time since I went to Paris,
so it's been about 6 years?
Wow, you grew a lot! Back then you were "yea" tall.
I thought so. It's because you're wearing
high heels that make you look that tall.
Anyway, you're still doing that?
Hey, I haven't been able to change my name legally yet.
Hey, I'm known as Kim Hee Jin here, okay?
You did that all throughout middle school and high school.
How's your mom?
Okay, sometimes she reminisces about your family's rice cakes.
Anyway, since when did you start working here?
I know the president oppa here well,
but I've never seen you before.
The president oppa?
We grew up together so we're like brothers and sisters.
Oh really?
Wait, then will you be making the
cake for my engagement party?
Cake for an engagement party?
Oh, are you getting engaged here?
Hey! Congratulations, Jang Chae Ri.
Finally another competitor has been
removed. You made a really good decision.
Even though I had to wait, it's good.
I'll make you the world's best
engagement party cake, okay?
Anyway, what does your fiance do?
Why do you need to know?
Hey! Ahjussi!
Unni, this is my ahjussi.
Who?
You don't need to know.
She's just a daughter of a rice cake store
my mom and grandma used to go to.
Let's go inside...
Hello, nice to meet you. I am Hyun Jin Hun.
fI'm Min Hyun Woo. Please take care of me.
Unnie! What are you doing?
What?
Son of a bitch.
What do you think of Hyun Woo?
You didn't come here to get my approval.
Aren't you jealous?
Yeah.
Really?
You won't leave until I say that to you.
It seems as if I've seen him before.
Really? Maybe at one of our get togethers?
My ahjussi's Maru Construction's second son.
I've never heard of it.
They're starting to become famous. A rising star shall I say?
Your family is building a hotel in Jeju.
They're in charge of that project. You didn't know?
These are pictures from Sohi's engagement.
Look it over and order anything you want from it.
You know that you were  my first love, right?
Your fiancee's outside.
I'm going to become someone else's in a bit. Can't you hug me just once?
Last time?
Who would see?
Chae Ri
Yeah?
The color of those lenses are not doing anything for you.
What the!
--When you're making syrup, you can't let the fire cover the pan.
--Okay.
And the sugar on the side can just be brushed  off like this.
Ah, okay. Unnie, were you really with the president that night?
I have no interest in the president.
Really?
Yeah. To use someone's phrase,"I know my position well."
Just a moment.
I'll do it.
Keep stirring it.
That dude
♫  Never let me go. ♫
♫ Love me tender, love me sweet. ♫
♫  You have made my life complete. ♫
♫  And I love you so.  ♫
Thanks for acting as if you didn't know me.
No need for thanks.
You acted so well that I just went along with it.
I feel thorns in those words.
Is that all?
Do you still have a
grudge against me?
What grudge?
If it had been the girl that I saw you with last Christmas
then I probably would still resent you,
but a third woman?
I can't be more thankful
that we broke up earlier.
My family wants the girl.
Obviously, since she's rich.
She said she liked me.
Likely, since she's so young.
Seeing how Chae Ri wants to marry you,
I guess it's true you come from a great family.
I'm sorry that I didn't recognize how
prominent of a family you came from.
Anyway, do your engagement somewhere else.
She won't have it anywhere but there.
You know well how stubborn she is.
Then, are you telling me to make your engagement cake?
I'm sorry. If I had known, I would've done anything to not go there.
You wouldn't be human if you still came
knowing. You'd be a son of a bitch.
Vulgar mouth is still the same, I see.
On the contrary, a lot of people seem to like
my vulgarity, so I decided to keep it as it is.
Did you find a man?
Yeah.
Already?
What do you mean already?
It hasn't even been that long since we broke up,
how long has it been since you were crying your eyes out?
There's a thing called phantom pain.
Even if your limbs are cut off, you feel the pain.
Your brain
is wired that way.
Even your limbs are like that
how would a person's heart feel?
Did it not hurt, cutting me loose?
It doesn't hurt and you're already meeting a
different guy?
What the hell are you complaining about?
What makes you any better?
Yeah, I know that I haven't done anything right,
but
I've never forgot about you.
The love stopped but was never forgotten.
Here. You'll always be here!
I did not know back then, how empty
all the promises he made were.
if there had been no promises,
I wonder if it would be easier for me right now?
Even though I know how baseless his talk is,
I hate myself for wanting to believe it...
I hate myself for still wavering at
the meaningless glances...
Losing love may just mean losing
one's self-confidence...
Ah! Mister! Watch your driving!
I still haven't gotten married yet!
I'm home.
-This is outrageous! I don't know! You go look for him!
-What's this noise?
-I'm not leaving this house!
-What's wrong?
Did you know that dad cosigned for uncle's debt security?
Debt security? How did our dead father do that?
--Right before he died...mom didn't know about it.
--So then?
The factory went bankrupt. Uncle's on the run,
and our house is about to be taken away.
What did you say?
How can someone deceive me like this?
I'm Park Bong Sook.
-Mom why don't you get up.
-Shut up.
I don't want to see anyone with
the last name of Kim.
I cleaned and scrubbed this place while
getting yelled at by my father-in-law.
Those thieves.
Just try to lay a hand on this house!
That'll be the day my coffin's made.
How much is needed to save this house?
Why do you need to know?
I have the Mapo apartment.
Leave it alone. You don't even know
what's going to happen to you.
You need to keep that money.
Don't worry about it.  No one is taking this house.
I'm going to catch your uncle and make  sure we resolve this problem. I'll make him die in prison, I will!
Let's think about this rationally.
Whether Uncle goes to prison or not, this house is the collateral.
If we don't come up with the money, we have to give this house up.
I'll be back.
Sam Soon's Flower Garden
Since this is your flowerbed, you have to give it water and tell it that it's pretty. Take good care of it.
No... change it. I want it changed.
Dear, how can I change the name your grandfather gave you?
And anyway, why don't you like the name Sam Soon?
It's good to say and also endearing.
Sam Soon's my favorite name in the world.
No, I want to change it. Change it to Kim Hee Jin!
This is Sam Soon's tree
And this is Sam Soon's swing.
Let's get on it.
--You're not scared?
--Yes.
Wow, Sam Soon, you're doing so well.
I shouldn't have fallen for his trick back then.
Daddy, what will happen to my flowerbed
if this house is handed over?
My tree, my swing...
I'm home.
I guess it'd be too
hard by this Saturday...
Oh no, it's my fault for
calling so suddenly.
That's okay.
Anyhow, please put it up for sale
and contact me. Please. Thank you.
What did they say? No?
It's not possible for an apartment to be sold in just a few days.
Hey do you have any money saved up?
How would she have any money?
All the money that was saved up was used towards her studies in Paris, and the money saved up from work here...
Where's the money from work?
I only saved up half, so it's not much.
I thought you were going to
open up a shop with this money?
That can be done slowly.
What's the use of a shop if we lose our home?
I'll fill it back up after I sell the apartment.
With this and add mine...
Mom, how much can you get right now?
5,000,000
5,000,000 [About $5,000]
Then we're still  50,000,000 short.
Want to try calling big sister?
Don't do that. It's probably hard enough for them too.
"MIJI KING"
Seen by 6,740...chi.
What's up?
I'm busy.
That proposal...
Yes.
Is it still available?
Yes
Then if I do take up that proposal...
--How much do you need?
--Huh?
You have the "I need money" face.
How much is needed?
50,000,000
Give me your account number.
I'll do it through internet banking.
It's finished. Do you want to check it?
No, it's okay.
Then from today on, we're "dating" okay?
Okay.
I'll try to repay you as soon as possible.
I even took out my savings ...
and if my sister's apartment sells soon.
--If you do your part well, there's no
need for you to have to pay it back.
--Huh?
As long as you can completely fool
President Nah.
No way. I can't just take ...
I can't just take so much money.
I'll pay you back as soon as possible, with interest.
How much?
How much interest are you going to give me?
I can't give you too much, but about as much as the bank interest...
Okay then, let's do it with the bank interest then.
Yes.
President ...
How come you don't ask me why I need to borrow
such a big sum of money or where I'm going to use it?
Is there a reason why I need to know?
No.
Oh yeah, Ms. Kim Sam Soon.
I mean Ms. Kim Hee Jin.
What are you doing? Where are we going?
Really, what are you doing?
Why are you doing this, let me go.
Oh my goodness, where are we going? Why are you doing this?
Really why are you doing this!
Everyone, we are currently dating.
It's been 2 months.
Are you crazy?
If we are to trick President Nah,
we have to trick the spy also.
The problem is we don't know who that is.
That's why we have to pretend like we're dating
in front of all the employees.
Like I told you earlier, you don't have to pay back the money if you can keep up with you part of the deal.
An interesting dating experience and 50,000,000
it doesn't seem like a bad deal.
Let's take this. It's the style Suk sisters like.
So how old are you?
Yes, I am 30 years-old this year.
I thought her face looked old. She's old in age too?!
These days being 3 years older isn't anything.
Son, why don't you shut your mouth and stay still?
So, how long have you known my Jin Hun?
Yes, it has been 2 months.
Sleeping together in 2 months...This is a loose girl, isn't she?
And both of your parents are living? What does your father do?
My father died 3 years ago.
And to add to that, a single parent family?
What did he do when he was living?
Yes, he worked in the food industry.
Now we're getting somewhere.
The food industry, I know of well.
What kind of work did he do?
Yes, he owned the "Sam Soon's Mill."
Yes. It was in the family since my grandfather,
but after my father passed away, it was sold to a family friend.
And with the money that was saved up,
my mother runs a small financial business with the market people.
A small financial business? Like a small bank?
No, She makes money lending on a daily interest.
Is this girl plain naive or just plain stupid?!
Jin Hun, stupid boy, if he's trying to trick me,
he should've brought someone more believable than her.
How the heck did he get this out-of-date red bean bun?
So, do you love my Jin Hun?
Pardon me?
As much as today's called the rocket speed age,
how much could your love have grown deeply in just 2 months?
I'm curious as to knowing how much you love my son.
You think I don't know? You think you hit a jackpot, huh?
A mill dares to mess with a hotel?
You don't seem to want to answer, Sam Soon?
Mother,
there is a fragile novelist.
This novelist writes all night, and at dawn she puts it on her husband's desk for him to see.
Then the husband reads it before he goes to work.
Every morning the husband
becomes his wife's first reader.
I'm going to give Jin Hun the cakes that I make.
He'll be the very first to taste my cakes.
I want him to be the very first one to
taste the most delicious cakes I make.
I love him that much.
I love you.
I love you...oh~Sam Shik.
Oh ... Sam Shik ... oh ... Sam Shik.
A millery's third daughter? You did well.
Well,  I'm the second son of an inn's owner.
Hey, you empty-headed boy.
Your wife isn't just anybody.
She's to be the mother of Miju,
and the wife of a hotel owner.
And you bring a millery's third daughter?
And on top of that, no college and older?
And a bean bun at that.
A bean bun that's been way past its expiration date that it's probably all mushy and squishy.
And her voice is like a cat!
--She's way better than all the other girls that you've
chosen in the past.
---What?
She works with her own hands and is trying to build her
dreams into reality.
She's different from those girls that go rolling around in the luxury that their parents provide them.
So what? You're saying I've only brought you bimbos?
And she knows her position well.
She knows what she's supposed to do in this world,
and how she should be living.
She has  very healthy and upright living standards. Very clear headed girl.
-Knows her position?
-Yeah right.
Shall I go on?
You dim-witted boy.
Have you completely forgotten about Hee Jin?
Isn't she the reason why you've
created havoc at all the dates?
No.
Then why is your expression changing?
I don't like talking about the past.
Let me ask again.
Are you sure you're meeting her because you've completely
forgotten Hee Jin?
Yes.
Really?
Truly? Can you swear it?
Yes.
Fine. Let's see how it goes.
I guess she deserves 50 points for
making you forget about Hee Jin.
I'll see her at the end of the year after
adding or deducting  points after seeing how she does.
And also, just in case this happens.
If Hee Jin does come back, don't even think about getting back together with her.
I don't even want to see her.
Hi.
I'm Sam Soon....No, Hee Jin unnie.
Who are you?
Are you by any chance? Is your dad... Sam Shik?
What shall we make first?
What can this be?
Oh! It's Miju's poop! Oh!The poop fell out! How icky...!
This is my heart.
This is the Mrs. Catfish!
This is Uncle Sam Shik!
Let me see your hand.
Miju's ring...
Do you like it? Huh? Huh?
This is really a weird household.
The child doesn't talk and just smiles. The uncle's an ice prince,
the niece a smiling princess, a blowfish
woman and a flat secretary...
I can't seem to understand.
Wow. The lady made that for you?
Next time, she'll make you a necklace too, right?
Is that part of the deal too?
No interest for a month.
That's the price of the ring.
That's the way Sam Shik is.
Hee Jin, did you see that?
You liked it, right?
Hi, Marvin!
--Hey, how's it going?
Of course, Chris. Whassup, Chris?
Okay.  Okay.
So.
This is ... This is  the fifth time I've tried this video. Five.
Hee Jin, there's something I really really want to tell you ... And,
It's been bothering me for a while.  Umm ...
I can remember the first time
you came to the hospital In California
and I remember the way you smiled at me?
And  and the way your eyes were squincing ...
I think about it so much.
I think about you every day. Every day.
And ... no matter what,
I can't, I can't get you out of my head.
The way you smile, the way you laugh, everything.
Wow. So, Hee Jin
I love you.
I love you so much.
I loved you since the first day I saw you.
I know that you went back to Korea,
and I know that you have someone else,
but that's okay because ...
my love for you is not going to change.
Now what do you want me to play?
Jin Hun let's hear that song.
Miss Sam Soon, don't you have a song request?
Is this the first time you've heard Jin Hun play the piano?
Ah, yes.
Well that's good. You should take a chance and ask him to play
something you want.
Can I do that?
It's the first time in several years
that I brought a girlfriend to my house.
I can do that much.
I don't know if this song's okay.
"Over the Rainbow."
Do you not know, "Over the Rainbow"?
Hurry up and play it for me.
I don't think that's possible.
Why not?
I don't have the  sheet music.
You played the other songs without sheet music.
I didn't memorize it.
Are you teasing me?
It's a 100 times easier than what you
just played, and you can't even play that?
I want to hear it. Play it for me.
I can't play it.
-Play it!
-I told you I can't play it!
Play it for me now! You can't even
do that for your girlfriend?
That's the song that Jin Hun's ex liked.
Jin Hun isn't your first either, right?
This ice prince had an actual relationship?
How did he not melt and live?
We'll get off here.
From now on, don't ever demand
anything from me.
Demands, questions, anything that'll
put my mood down, don't do it.
Okay, I'm sorry for wanting you to
play a song you didn't want to play.
But aren't you being a bit overpowering with the reason of lending me 50,000,000 won?
You were begging before for this relationship.
How come your beginning and end are so different?
Don't ask me questions, don't grumble, and irritate me!
Or I can just cancel the contract.
Fine, let's cancel the contract.
Damn it, just because of 50,000,000 won you can look down
at a person like this?
I'll pay you back soon, so let's cancel it.
Where am I getting the money? I'll sell my organs.
Is there an organ that's that
expensive on that body?
Oh, I guess you'll probably be good at bearing children.
Yeah, hey, let's cancel it.
We didn't sign a contract or anything.
This never happened, okay?
Even if I have to use an agent,
I'll pay you back all the money.
What are you doing?
Be still, Na president called a person.
Called a person?
Don't turn you head, just look.
The guy with the Burberry coat.
That's one of Na President's scrubs.
He's probably looking to see if we're real or not.
Then does that mean we have to act in places like this also?
Were you going to just take off with the 50,000,000  then?
Love Contract?!
1. Hyun Jin Hun and Kim Sam Soon, through a voluntary and consensual agreement, will act as a couple until 12/31/2005.
There will be no unnecessary skin-ship?
2. Hyun Jin Hun will not demand
any skinship from Kim Sam Soon
What man would want a woman like you?
This also goes for Kim Sam Soon.
You forgot the most important part.
Exception. If necessary for acting like we're dating, we both agree to it.
This is so childish. Are you writing a  teen age romance or something?
It's a Harlequin Romance nowdays.
Omo. And what the heck is this?
6. "Though we're acting like we're dating we do not actually date. Never."
Never?
What? You don't like it?
No, I like it very much, but what is this? "No two-timing"?
Although this may be a fake relationship,
I can't have my woman meeting with other guys.
Don't see any other guys other than me.
Who does he think he is?
Blind dates included.
This is dangerous. I guarantee he's not normal.
Did you just figure that out?
Thanks to that weirdo we were able to keep this house.
"If any of the 6 rules are broken, the contract will naturally be nulled.
If the responsibility falls on Kim Sam Soon,
she will pay back 50,000,000 immediately.
If the responsibility falls on Hyun Jin Hun, then the 50 million won debt owed to him will be forgiven.
Something smells fishy.
Yeah, something does smell.
Something does smell. Did you put something on the gas-stove?
Oh my god, my bacon! What am I going to do.
Yeah, she has a  million won worth body. How can she not get fat even while eating bacon like that??
There will be about 50 people, and for
each I've estimated around 10,000 won.
From there just pick a few things from the menu...
The cake is the problem however.
They're being very picky about the cake.
What about the cake?
They want the cake from Domarie.
Why again?
It's become the word that Domarie's the best bakery out there.
It's probably because of the patissier they brought in last fall.
People's tastes are so hard to please.
Last time it was the Don Telle Bakery.
They find out about these like ghosts
Well then won't it be weird?
We have a patissier, too.
No, I think it'd be better that way.
I know Chae Ri's personality very well, and she hates losing to anyone.
I think she wants the best
engagement party there'll ever be,
so that means the food must be the
best and of course so must the cake be.
If they want it like that, we should just listen to them.
They said the same thing too, but we decided that we'd do everything.
I persuaded them that a
better cake than Domarie's will be made by us.
Of course this has nothing to do with personal matters,
it's about the patissier, Kim Hee Jin.
I don't think so~
No, really.
What do you mean no? If it's true, it's true.
No, it's not.
...it's not?
Kim Hee Jin, do you have confidence?
Yes, I'll do my best.
Hee Jin seems like a good person.
Since you're so blunt, its okay to have a person like her around.
Are you two going to get married?
What? Am I moving too fast?
Why did you get married?
Me?
Why did I get married?
Oh yeah, I get cold so easily.
In the winter, it'd be so cold under
those blankets that I couldn't stand it.
So I thought about buying an
electrical warming pad or marrying somebody.
Well I got married to the person that said he liked me but I had to spend money in the end
since he passed away so early!!
On a ceramic bed that is.
But then, as expected, only people can regulate that temperature.
You know I'm going to Jeju Island in the afternoon?
Oh yes. Don't worry about anything and go.
And be more gentle to your mother.
When is the opening again?
The 9th of next month.
Restaurant Break Period
What did I do so wrong in my past life?
What did I do wrong in my past life that I have to make
the engagement cake of the man that dumped me?
It's breaktime right now.
Lunch time has already ended miss.
Preview for Episode 4